# UnrealSandyParadise
For this project my original plan was to create a group of islands, however in the middle of building realized that my plan was a little too ambitious for my first go at it.. .While building, I realized that creating the individual islands would be a bit of a challenge so f I decided to focus on building a general sandy environment with pebbles and then at a later time I can go back and add water. In the end, I ended up with a desert landscape with a few abandoned buildings. **This is my first ever project so I was just trying stuff out!** My mood board was created in pinterest, I find that that platform really allows for creativity without outside interference. I used the third person template before starting to put things together. Landscape mode was used to create a landscape that is filled with **hills and valleys but is mostly desert**. I definitely wanted the landscape to appear more natural and less artificial. I think with more time I would definitely want to refine the sand and pebbles . The noise feature didn't quite work when I was designing the landscape so I **hope to improve on using noise in landscape mode** I chose to start the player in the middle of a canyon-like hole because it looked kind of cool. I wanted the landscape to be mostly sand and pebbles, however **the pebbles that I used in my created material didn't quite fulfil my vision for the landscape so I will have to go back and tweak that**. I think this was a pretty good place so start though. The material I created used a dry sand and pebble obtained from fab. It was actually pretty fun to put the material together using the different textures. I was happy with the lighting already present within the third person template
